---
tags: TuringDataStories
---
# Turing Data Stories @ Co-working session 2021-03-17


## Agenda

* Quick updates from the project management:
    * ethical approval
    * bug reports
    * AOB
* Discuss Tech Talk session and plan next steps.
* Co-work on story development.

## Roll call

- Camila
- Bill
- Kevin
- Dave
- Ed
- Sam


## Notes

- **Project management**:
    - No updates from EAG
    - Eric reported an issue of latex not redering in the stories (issue, sam to follow up)
    - How to better co-work in the development of new stories? Google colab? RMarkdown (would this work in the fast pages)

- **Tech talk updates**:

    - London Clean Air story depending on the Clean Air project outputs. An API should be coming soon. Bill will follow up. 
    - Potential story from JVC Covid19 collaboration in nowcasting Covid19 cases, we should follow up with Radka.
    - Another potential story in Living With Machines projects. How cities have evolved with the presence of railways. We should follow up with Kasra. We will need to see some story discussion around the use of pre-trained models, transparency and point to the model and training process.

- **Desert island disc story**:

    - It can be potentially two stories: one in how to write a web scraper to get a bigger dataset and another on the analysis of this data.
        - The web scraper story could work as a seprate story, if we used that as a focus on data access. e.g. it's easy to build a scraper, is there lawful access to the content? Is it ethical to hoover it up without permissions? What if this happened to all your own tweets or other content publicly avaialble? How to rely on the copyright, text and data mining exemption ... work with colleagues in Ethics?
        - We should get in touch with the original author or the  dataset and say that we want to expand it.  
    - Camila will do a doodle to try to organise a hack session in the relevant slack channel. 
